Add blog post announcement for the CI/CD integration assistant (#4616)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/announcing-ci-cd-integration-assistant/index.md

---

> title: "Announcing CI/CD Integration Assistant for teams"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Announcing CI/CD Integration Assistant for Teams"
```

authors: ["praneet-loke"]
tags: ["CI/CD"]
date: "2020-12-08"
meta_desc: "We are excited to announce the launch of the integration assistant to make integration with CI/CD easy."
meta_image: integration-assistant.png
---

We are excited to announce the launch of the integration assistant to make integration with CI/CD easy.

> Now you can easily get started with popular CI/CD services without the hassle of the initial setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can quickly get started with popular CI/CD services without the hassle of the initial setup.
```

<!--more-->

> We often hear developers wanting to setup CI/CD automation for their stacks but don't have the time or simply don't like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We often hear developers wanting to setup CI/CD automation for their stacks but don't have the time or don't like
```

> the experience of figuring out how to configure a working pipeline. The integration assistant not only guides you with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the experience of figuring out how to configure a working pipeline. The integration assistant guides you with
```

> instructions based on the CI/CD service, but also provides the customized pipeline configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instructions based on the CI/CD service and provides a customized pipeline configuration
```

for CI/CD services that you can add to your VCS repo.

The following CI/CD services are supported at launch:

* [Azure Pipelines](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/pipelines/)
* [Bitbucket Pipelines](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/get-started-with-bitbucket-pipelines/)
* [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)
* [GitLab CI/CD](https://docs.gitlab.com/ce/ci/)

> You can always [request](https://github.com/pulumi/ci-workflow-templates/issues/new/choose) support for a new CI/CD service.

### What is a VCS?

A VCS is a version control system. You may already be familiar with Git-based services such as
[Atlassian Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org), [GitHub](https://github.com), [GitLab](https://gitlab.com).
Adding your code to a central VCS allows you to secure your codebase against failures, as well as team collaboration.

> When you add an automated CI/CD pipeline your team will be able to deliver software safely and efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add an automated CI/CD pipeline, your team can deliver software safely and efficiently.
```

The assistant also goes beyond helping you get started with an automated pipeline. It works throughout the Pulumi Console

> providing hints for configuring a VCS for projects that don't have one, as well as identifying updates in the activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
providing hints for configuring a VCS for projects that don't have one and identifying updates in your stack's activity
```

> tab of you stack that were not run in an automated pipeline. These additions will help you quickly identify the stacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tab that were not run in an automated pipeline. These additions will help you quickly identify the stacks
```

> where the best practices are not being followed and take corrective actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the best practices are not followed and take corrective actions.
```

Access the wizard in the Integrations option of your stack's settings page to help you through the whole process of
configuring a VCS to setting up a working automated pipeline.

Learn more about the [CI/CD integration assistant]({{< relref "/docs/intro/console/extensions/ci-cd-integration-assistant" >}}).

> We are eager to hear your feedback on how we can improve your experience with this feature. If you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are eager to hear your feedback to improve your experience with this feature. If you
```
